hey everyone this is Alec and I'm here
to show you my new bike so the old line
is going to be sold but there is no more
after I sold the Raptor and we got this
picked it up this ol five Y Z but before
I go any further I'd just like to say
thanks to all my viewers and subscribers
I just hit 200 subscribers in about a
hundred thousand video views so I thank
you everyone and if you're not
subscribed go ahead see all my new
videos fun yeah so this is the bike I
just bought say 2005 Yamaha y 0 25 I got
a really good deal on it from the dealer
actually really good deal but uh yeah so
spirits all stock old guy that's got
some graphics on it which are going to
be taking off but it's got an SMS Gold
Series fatty pipe I just put the Michael
Barr sound and that's why this one
because it came with pro taper bars that
were bent so I just threw those on then
over here we get a arc a chain and a
vortex sprocket both may look pretty
brand new and then in back it's got a
Bridgestone and actually I don't even
know what is just a Bridgestone here we
go
Bridgestone motocross I'm 204 then I
believe in FX 51 in the front yeah
Dunlop on my 51 so
yeah it's pretty clean you know motors
there's a boil everywhere frames clean
so I've already actually ordered up some
parts for it new front fender resistance
all beat up
and I'm a little big Fantagraphics even
like a film off I mainly got it because
it's all scratched yourself I got the
new number plate which isn't stock I got
the saira or however you say it the
stadium series plate new white rear
fender and those graphics are coming off
and then the 28th stock 2011 graphics
also I forgot to mention it has a
service front disc guard in blue and
white so yeah basically it's a mostly a
stock bike pretty clean yeah runs pretty
good and I'd like to say I'm I used to
always run on this bike and my 80 and
stuff is always going run llaman lube
and recently I switched over to cloth
I'll have to show you this clocks super
tech not plate premix and it's actually
red so yeah um that was the ad on the
Blake I got I got it for lower than that
but yeah so
is a pretty good deal got rid of the
Raptor so I'm selling this thing and
actually I might might not sure what am
I looking to getting a like a 1-ton a
newer I like a one time foot bike just
to get around on with my friends
yeah I can start this up real quick and
then gasps I'm no joke
the two prime kids any other compression
slightly low not that bad
so yeah how's this the cold start it's
vibrating a lot on the sand and move
forward a bunch so I just turned it off
we have that clots oil smells awesome
it's actually really good oil I'm
running 36 to 1 in this bike which is
just a total guess but uh seems we're
pretty good the plugs coming on real
good so yeah everyone that is my new
aluminum frame 2005 yz125 and yes there
will be lots of updates on this and
hopefully some GoPro videos and the 99
is going brother is still keeping this
KX so yeah this is when you bike guys so
thanks for watching and if you want to
see more updates please subscribe